[Tracing][PHP] pcntl_forked is supported (#17601)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/php.md

### PCNTL

> Datadog does support tracing forked processes using [pcntl][7]. When a call to `pcntl_fork` is detected, a dedicated span is created and the forked process will be instrumented. This can be disabled by using `DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS`. Refer to the [library configuration page][9] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog supports tracing forked processes using [pcntl][7]. When a call to `pcntl_fork` is detected, a dedicated span is created, and the forked process is instrumented. This can be disabled with `DD_TRACE_FORKED_PROCESS`. Refer to the [library configuration page][9] for more details.
```

[6]: https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.generators.overview.php
[7]: https://www.php.net/manual/en/book.pcntl.php
[8]: https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/unshare.2.html

> [9]: /tracing/library_config/php/#environment-variable-configuration

Reviewer: This page doesn't exist.

Author: oops. Fixed in 4589922e8a5c2959b815b301f5dbbfd082d5f7f1. Thanks

> [9]: tracing/trace_collection/library_config/php/#environment-variable-configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[9]: /tracing/trace_collection/library_config/php/#environment-variable-configuration
```
